Android-14-permission (#982)
fluttercandies/flutter_photo_manager: README.md

For background processing (such as when the app is not in the foreground),
ignore permissions check would be proper solution.

> #### Limited entities access

Reviewer: Should require a TOC update.

use `PhotoManager.presentLimited()` to call the modal of
accessible entities' management.
This method only available for iOS 14+ and when the permission state
is limited (`PermissionState.limited`).

##### Limited entities access on android

> Similar to iOS, Android 14 (API 34) has also introduced this concept, and the usage on the Dart side is completely identical.
> 
> However, there is a slight difference in behavior (based on the emulator).   
> 
> In Android, once access permission to a certain resource is granted, it cannot be revoked,
> even if you do not select it again when using `presentLimited`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android 14 (API 34) has also introduced the concept of limited assets similar to iOS.

However, there is a slight difference in behavior (based on the emulator):
On Android, the access permission to a certain resource cannot be revoked once it is granted,
even if it hasn't been selected when using `presentLimited` in future actions.
```
